Added additional information to Customizable options page (#1710)
magento/merchdocs: src/catalog/settings-advanced-custom-options.md

   - Enter a **SKU** for the option. The option SKU is a suffix that is added to the product SKU.

>    - If the `Option Type` is **File**, enter the separated extensions, like: `png`, `jpg`, `gif` into **Compatible File Extensions** field, and image size in px. into **Maximum Image Size** field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - If the _Option Type_ is `File`, set the parameters for the file. For **Compatible File Extensions**, enter the valid extensions as comma-separated values (such as `png, jpg, gif`). For **Maximum Image Size**, enter the maximum image size in pixels.
```
